Update web\css area to use latest `rgb()` and `hsl()` syntax (#31453)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_colors/applying_color/index.md

- `red`, `green`, and `blue`
  - : Each must be an {{cssxref("&lt;integer&gt;")}} value between 0 and 255 (inclusive), or a {{cssxref("&lt;percentage&gt;")}} from 0% to 100%.
- `alpha`

>   - : The alpha channel is percentage where 0% (fully transparent) and 100% (fully opaque).

Author: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/31453/commits/fae86b38a7598561b800c61f897898f984f9b036 I've mostly undone this change, but put percentage first and number second. Similarly, I've updated rgb and hsl to use both, percentage on the new syntax, and number on the old, so examples of both are used. The only potential issue I see is people reading them might assume you can only use percentage with the new syntax and number with old; but I think it's still better than only giving an example of just only one of them.

>   - : The alpha channel is percentage between 0% (fully transparent) and 100% (fully opaque), or a number between 0.0 (same as 0%) and 1.0 (same as 100%).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The alpha channel is specified as a percentage between 0% (fully transparent) and 100% (fully opaque), or a number between 0.0 (equivalent to 0%) and 1.0 (equivalent to 100%).
```
